# SuccessSquad-cmsc355-android-app
# APP NAME: SEAN

#READ THiS:
#To import our project using Android Studio, use the open existing project option. Open the folder titled "FULL PROJECT", that exists within our repository. This folder contains all the correct files and correct file structure for Android Studio.

On October 6th, the MainActivity, NoSuchShowExists, and AddNewSeries java and XML files were uploaded into the github repository. Difficulties uploading the files were encountered early on but quickly resolved after fixing up the string files in one of the xml files. One day later a WIP of the app's database (in the form of a temporary ArrayList) was uploaded, with work being done to it in the following days after the upload. 

October 9th, 2016: HomePage, MyArchive, AppSettings, and Profile java and XML files were added to the repository. Code changes to the existing files on the respository were made to accomodate the new files that were uploaded:
-Updated MainActivity (renamed as SearchPage), NoSuchShowExists, and AddNewSeries java and XML files.
-Updated strings.xml file to reflect new uploads and updated code strings.
-Shifted Main Activity Launcher from SearchPage to HomePage.

October 11th, 2016 Iteration 1 Report:
  Most things went as expected. Creating the interfaces proved to be easier than figuring out android studio, AVDs, Espresso, and other stuff. We came to a roadblock when trying to implement a ListView with data from the temporary database, which was caused the learning curve of the different view and intent methods. Our biggest obstacle was deciding how to implement the database for series. We attempted to use firebase, but with no gradle experience we couldn't figure out how to get it to work. We decided to implement a temporary one in memory for now, possibly moving to a local (file) database or more hopefully an online one the next iteration.
  The best improvement we could work on for next iteration is come up with a more cohesive plan and enforcing rules like downloading the latest repository very often, and not waiting too long too commit, or perhaps restricting commits to only a few classes at a time, so that there is less overlap.
  What we ended up with was a very good start to the interface, with a home page with buttons to other planned pages. The only paths implemented right now are the search page, the add new series page, and the list display page (lists the shows found after searching). We have a temporary database, and a class with specific API to access that database. Users can add shows to the archive, and search for shows using search terms.

November 8th, 2016 Iteration 2 Report:
  This iteration was much moree straightforward than the previous one. Having gotten some android experience behind us, things went much more smoothly. Similarly, having the experience of working in a group made it so that we worked more effieciently. Each member worked on separate tasks, which merged together at the end of the iteration to produce a full product. This is different from the first time, as last time there was less of a plan and sometimes certain sections of code would not work together. The work for this iteration was much better organized.
    We accomplished many things this iteration. We added a "My Archive Page", which allows users to have a list of shows that they choose from the database. They can add or remove series to this list, and then view them in the My Archive Page. Furthermore, we added My Archive settings, that will contain many settings in the future, but for now just contain sort options. This can sort My Archive Page by title, type, or genre of the series listed. We also added a Database page, which shows the entire SEAN database worth of series. We also added a way to view the complete details for any show. This page, called showInfo, can be accessed by pressing on any series from either the series search, complete database, or my archive pages. It shows all relavent information about the series to the user, and presents them with possible user actions on that series (for example, add to personal archive).
    
December 5th, 2016 Iteration 3 Report:
  Mostly just some finishing touches this iteration. Snackbar and AlertDialogs were used to make the interaction more seemless, and other cleaning things were done. However, one big thing we did add was the ability to go directly to the wikipedia or imdb page straight from the show info page of a series. The user can edit these links, so that they can be added for shows that don't have one yet. However only links with the correct format are allowed. Learning espresso tests for the snackbars and alert dialogs was not too bad, usually access to these views could be done with onview(withText()).
  We were still unable to link our app to a database, but I believe that is a job for another time. We have the front end working nicely right now, so with a little research, it should not pose too much of a problem in the future.
  We mostly worked independently this iteration, but we made sure to work in different sections so that our work would not overlap. Thanks to the individual work of the teammates, these things came toegether well at the end of the iteration. The unit tests were not too hard, however there were really only two places we could find to use unit tests, because most of our app is front end. Our backend consisted of our series structurea and memory database. We made unit tests for methods that acted on series, and unit tests for the search method in the memory database. These were made back in iteration 1, but needed testing that could not be provided thorugh espresso.
